feat: TS Client improvements (#2856)
ignite/cli: docs/docs/clients/01-typescript.md

	}
);
```

## Usage with Keplr

> Normally, Keplr provides a wallet object implementing the OfflineSigner interface so you can simply replace the wallet arhument in client instantiation with that like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, Keplr provides a wallet object implementing the OfflineSigner interface so you can simply replace the wallet argument in client instantiation with it like so:
```
